incorrect command for sort-by operation on pod (#17032)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/kubectl/cheatsheet.md

> # List pods in test namespace sorted by capacity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# List persistent volumes in test namespace sorted by capacity
```

Author: @zparnold : I accept the suggestions.
